what's wrong, we're in gta iv
I extract a rather curious interest a
curiosity I do not know how you want to call it
I
because it's typical of my channel this
I chose good point because here we are in
the old franklin house that you will see
the location now after are some
pretty curious mushrooms one green and one
red that for me what is being is
a reference to the Mario Bros game
so mario is lower than Luigi
so I'm seeing mushroom
mario is quite lower than that of
luigi and the other exactly I do not know what it is
I remember a bit when I played
that there were mushrooms that were so big that
you had to go jumping
it reminds me of that type platform of
game and good but here you are watching is
clearly the reference therefore the
green bigger than red and good
there is not much more to say as
You see they are ceramic now I'm going to
break of shots because I'm nigga inega and
I am so nigga that I am going to break those of
shots and says son of a bitch is
breaking the black of franklin I say pussy
owner comes the blacks to kill me and
the sons of bitches were coming because
had broken the mushroom whores and jobs and
break the mushrooms I break it because it gives me
he wants to see the tip he's looking
had break in your face bitch now comes
if he shoots me but not only they shoot me
those came for all the whores parties
from the neighborhood they appeared as cockroaches
the trash me but I shit on the bitch no
they are going to stop me from recording a fucking
video and here I get so mad that I said
I'm going to make an attack and make a
attack an attack you will see that
Attentive I will do and nothing can
wings to the attack lame I put a c4 in
the hood of the car and we will find him
some bastard but the mestalla police
I kept saying, I'm nervous
with him
if we get the bitch whore look look
because that is the car is the car
sure there is some black more then
sure insurance sure to take for sack and
Well, here you can see that more is coming
that come more here like but how are they
or if others of whore to tell me
shit but notice that in the car of
background you also have other witnesses but
what was freaking out is that I did not
I expected this in gta iv, well, well,
to finish the same I do not have more than
seriously say favorite likes has
pleased to subscribe if you are not
and good guys, hello, I'm going to take
ass
like excited babies
good